Add documentation to EAM's User and Tech guides (#6314)
E3SM-Project/E3SM: components/eam/docs/tech-guide/index.md

# EAM Technical Guide

This Technical Guide describes the physics of EAM.

## Dynamics and Physics

> - [HOMME](homme.md): The dynamical core used in EAMv3.

Reviewer: "in EAMv3" everywhere is redundant.  I'll fix it.

This Technical Guide describes the physics of EAM.

# Dynamics

- [HOMME](homme.md): The dynamical core used in EAMv3.

# Physics

## Microphysics

- [P3](p3.md): The stratiform cloud microphysics scheme in EAMv3.

## Shallow convection / turbulence

- [CLUBB](clubb.md): The parameterization of subgrid-scale turbulence and clouds in EAMv3.

## Deep convection

- [Zhang-McFarlane](zm.md): The deep convection parameterization in EAMv3.

## Radiation

- [RRTMG](rrtmg.md): The parameterization of radiation in EAMv3.

## Aerosol

> - [MAM4](mam4.md): The primary parameterization scheme of aerosols in EAMv3.  

Author: Thanks @keziming. I had intended MAM5 to describe the addition of the fifth mode for the stratospheric coarse mode and the MAM4 to describe all of the aerosol processes that we have inherited from EAMv0. Since MAM4 that we inherited covers most of the processes that we run in EAMv3, I had noted it as the primary parameterization scheme. 
Maybe there is a better way to describe what is under MAM4 and MAM5. @hwangacme - do you have any thoughts?

> - [MAM4](mam4.md): The primary parameterization scheme of aerosols in EAMv3.  

Reviewer 2: Thanks @keziming for pointing this out. As I discussed with @crterai offline, a higher-level, explicit description of MAM5 as the default option of EAMv3 aerosol module is more preferable.

> - [MAM4](mam4.md): The primary parameterization scheme of aerosols in EAMv3.  

Author: Thanks @hwangacme. I'll make that change.

- [MAM5](mam5.md): The parameterization scheme to represent stratospheric sulfate aerosols in EAMv3.

- [VBS](vbs.md): The parameterization of secondary organic aerosols in EAMv3.

- [Dust](dust.md): The parameterization of dust emissions in EAMv3.

- [OCEANFILMS](oceanfilms.md): The parameterization of sea soray irganic aerosol emissions in EAMv3.

## Chemistry

> - [chemUCI + Linoz v3](chemUCIlinozv3.md): The parameterization of interactive atmospheric chemistry in EAMv3.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [chemUCI + Linoz v3](chemUCIlinozv3.md): The interactive atmospheric chemistry packages in EAMv3.
```
